
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="birthright-by-firegenealogies-of-the-dragonborn">Birthright by Fire: Genealogies of the Dragonborn</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<em>“To be born of dragons is to be born to greatness. There are those who would convince you that they are of the same noble birth with parlor tricks and imagined lineages; but do not be deceived. You need only look to the dragons, and look in a mirror; and you will know from whence you came.”</em>
</p>

<p>
- Draalkoth Zendrias, High Servitor of Zendrias, the Red Lady
<br/>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Birthright by Fire: Genealogies of the Dragonborn&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;birthright-by-firegenealogies-of-the-dragonborn&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-432&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="a-surge-of-dragons">A Surge of Dragons</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
During the events of the Great Cataclysm, a wave of energy swept across the continent, instantaneously changing a great number of its inhabitants into true <a href="/aidilon/doku.php?id=dragons" class="wikilink1" title="dragons" data-wiki-id="dragons">dragons</a>. The origin of this mass transformation, commonly called the Dragonsurge, remains unknown, but the appearance of a new generation of dragons (several varieties of which were previously thought to have gone extinct), were a pivotal factor in turning the tides of the Cataclysm and preventing the total annihilation of the mortal realm.
</p>

<p>
In time, these new dragons learned the magics and abilities of their predecessors; some on their own through trial and error, and some through the direct tutelage of remaining elders of their kind. Eventually, most members of the more magically-inclined sub-species learned to retake humanoid form when they chose; and as all creatures are wont to do, began to mate with the other species of their original size. What they found, however, was that the offspring of a dragon would forever bear its mark in one way or another, no matter the form the dragon tried to assume. Some claim that children born of a union involving a male dragon could inherit some of their father&#039;s innate magical abilities, creating bloodlines of draconic sorcerers. But the dragons&#039; true heirs among the humanoids were the children born of a female dragon and a human father, who would spend their lives in a more permanent dragon-like form while growing no larger than their sire&#039;s humanoid proportions. This new species of half-dragon kin, as well as their descendants, became known as the Dragonborn.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;A Surge of Dragons&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;a-surge-of-dragons&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;433-2059&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="noble-lines">Noble lines</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Most Dragonborn bear their heritage proudly, and can trace their ancestry back to a specific chromatic, metallic, or gem dragon matriarch of their color. Their last names are usually the name of their ancestor, with family groups remaining involved (or at least invested) in the affairs of their forebear throughout the many generations since their dragon&#039;s initial conversion.
</p>

<p>
Different species of dragons are predisposed to different patterns of behavior, and their Dragonborn descendants commonly show similar traits. Many dragons sit in positions of power or social prominence, and their descendants can often be found as high-ranking officials working for them or their organizations. Several examples are provided below:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Amethyst and red dragons consider most other creatures to be lesser beings, available to be subjugated and used like livestock at their convenience. As far as one of these dragons are concerned, anyone within their chosen territory falls under their rule, and generally have little say in the matter. Appropriately-colored Dragonborn who show proper deference to their betters and prove to be useful can make quite the name for themselves in a red or amethyst dragon&#039;s service.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Bronze and sapphire dragons share a militaristic streak, and have raised and commanded armies that few can rival. They often have a territory they base their campaigns out of, and are seen by the residents of these lands as their rulers and protectors. Bronze and sapphire Dragonborn with a military temperment can quickly rise through the ranks of these armies; if they can survive…</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Preferring to inhabit the cold, harsh climates on the surface of the Istovian mountains, crystal dragons found themselves the accidental guardians of refugees of the church of Hroknar, who fled the mountain&#039;s underground cities after the church&#039;s “Great Schism” threw the now-fallen Istovian empire into civil war. Crystal Dragonborn with a stomach for geopolitical politics and the horrors of war in equal measure are considered invaluable to the Crystal dragons trying to stabilize the region.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The powerful gold dragons assembled together after the Cataclysm, and allegedly spent months rigorously debating the best way to help repair the damage done to the world. They eventually decided to form an organization called the Shining Justicars, which was not beholden to any one region or group and patrolled the continent righting any perceived wrongs and meting out justice as they saw fit. Many gold Dragonborn have chosen to aid this organization as paladins of their order, acting as paragons of virtue and authority throughout the land.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In order to preserve the continent&#039;s history, the emerald dragons created a repository of information called the Sage Vault, and established the Sages&#039; Guild to discover and reclaim any history or knowledge they could find. Emerald Dragonborn commonly have an affinity for the kinds of scholarly and exploratory work involved in being a sage of the guild.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Noble lines&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;noble-lines&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2060-&quot;} -->