
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="races">Races</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
The following is not an exhaustive list of the races in this setting (that&#039;s currently in progress), but I&#039;ve started with a few that players have expressed interest in.
</p>

<p>
All histories below are written from the perspective of historians of that race, and public perception is the most common reaction among other races, and not the universal experience.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Races&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;races&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-378&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="changelings">Changelings</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Prevalence: Unlikely to ever be encountered</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Locations: Any</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Public perception: Mistrusted when known due to their shapeshifting abilities</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>History</strong>
</p>

<p>
Long, long ago, beasts began to develop the ability to reflexively change their appearance at a moment&#039;s notice in order to better survive. Over time, these abilities became more convincing, and eventually came under the creatures&#039; conscious control. The apex of this skill was first achieved by a genus of “monsters” known colloquially as Doppelgangers: thin, grey humanoids able to change their physical form to match any other they had seen before. The doppelgangers quickly found that it was easiest to achieve their simplistic desires by ingratiating themselves into intelligent society; often killing an isolated villager and taking their place until they were inevitably found out. Once the other races started realizing that such a creature could be among them, masquerading as anyone, they hunted the doppelgangers with extreme prejudice. More often than not, an ordinary villager ended up being executed by a town no shapeshifter had ever set foot in.
</p>

<p>
Over the years, this systematic hunting of the most simple and inept of the doppelgangers gave rise to a better breed. The Changelings, as they named themselves, have covertly assumed every role in society imaginable. They have been kings and barons, generals and assassins; some were content to assume a single face and live out their days in mostly one form, while others changed their appearance the way single-skins change clothes. When several Changelings knew of each other&#039;s presence, they would sometimes even share personas, or trade them amongst each other. But the life of a Changeling is often a solitary one, and society&#039;s mistrust of them has prevented them from ever establishing a colony of their own anywhere.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Changelings&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;changelings&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;379-2258&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="kalashtar">Kalashtar</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Prevalence: Rare</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Locations: Any</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Public perception: Standoffish due to their rarity and unusual nature</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>History</strong>
</p>

<p>
In response to the Great Southern Calamity at the end of the last Age, the mortal races tried everything in their power to prevent the end of the world, including humanoid experimentation. The result of one of these experiments was the Kalashtar. They are a relatively new race to Dracarcer, and are few in number. 
</p>

<p>
Foolish sages attempted to imbue themselves with the incomprehensible magics of spirits from the Ethereal Plane, which they had previously only conjured forth in their own self-contained forms. And while the First Dreamers were able to successfully call upon the energy of these spirits in their time of need, an unexpected side effect of the rituals was that their progeny were forever bound to those same spirits in a more subtle, innate way. The exact nature of the ritual that joined each First Dreamer and their spirit is unique to that pairing, and so the manifestations of these connections in their Kalashtar descendants can be unpredictable. But fortunately, the First Sages chose their spirits deliberately, and so all are of a benevolent temperament and are often virtuous.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Kalashtar&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;kalashtar&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2259-3513&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="vedalken">Vedalken</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Prevalence: Rare</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Locations: Any</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Public perception: Standoffish due to their rarity and detachment</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>History</strong>
</p>

<p>
In response to the Great Southern Calamity at the end of the last Age, the mortal races tried everything in their power to prevent the end of the world, including humanoid experimentation. The result of one of these experiments was the Vedalken. They are a relatively new race to Dracarcer, and are few in number. 
</p>

<p>
When the greatest minds of the Tenth Age lacked the intellect to solve the problem before them, they sought a means to achieve a greater intellect, and thereby greater solutions. The Vedalken Council used the pinnacle of modern magical knowledge to alter their humanoid forms at the basest physiological level in the hopes of increasing their intelligence, giving rise to a new, objectively superior species. No longer restrained by the weight of unfettered emotions or a shallow capacity for pure intellectual thought, the Vedalken were instrumental in preventing the collapse of all life on the Material Plane. 
</p>

<p>
However, once the most immediate peril had been resolved, the Council was unable to agree upon the next most important of the world&#039;s issues to solve. After one hundred and thirty five days of rigorous debate, the Council elected to disband, and each Vedalken focused their own considerable intellect on the singular problem they deemed most impactful. Some who had a shared goal remained in small collectives, but most went their own way, confident that their judgement would aptly guide them.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Vedalken&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;vedalken&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3514-&quot;} -->