
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="supernatural-forces">Supernatural Forces</h1>
<div class="level1">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Supernatural Forces&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;supernatural-forces&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-35&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="yfan-si-magic">Yfan&#039;si (magic)</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Magic (yfan&#039;si) comes from one of three sources in Dracarcer:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Arcane: Direct manipulation of the Weave (Bards, Wizards)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Derived: Internal power derived from or granted by some other source (Sorcerers, Warlocks)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Divine: Asking a more powerful entity to cast magic for you (Clerics, Druids, Paladins)</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
In the third case, all clerics, druids, and paladins are appealing to a Maha&#039;ai. For clerics and paladins, it is the true identity of their chosen deity, and for druids it is Na&#039;eisai.
</p>

<p>
Direct manipulation of the Weave is done through specific sonic configurations that resonate with the Potential Realm, which is adjacent to the Prime Material Plane, similar to the Feywild or the Ethereal plane. Bards heavily alter their Ichos (magical impetus; i.e. sound) with Synodeia (things like melody and accompaniment); while wizards alter a more direct form of the true Word (spoken Primordial), and use Cheironomia (somatic gestures) to create resonant pockets to further shape their energy. In many cases, a physical material with the proper resonance is also required to cause the Ichos to have the proper effect on the magical Weave; sometimes destroying the material in the process. In this way, verbal, somatic, and material components combine in many different ways to allow a caster to manipulate energies beyond mortal perception, and influence the world around them.
</p>

<p>
Given that magic is so heavily dependent on sound, factors that influence the movement of sound can have profound effects on a person&#039;s ability to cast magic. For example, arcane and derived casters would likely be unable to cast their spells underwater if they learned their magics on land, since sound would travel very differently there than what they&#039;re used to. An understanding of this principle would also allow a person to create an anti-magic field using a modified, higher-level version of the Silence spell; as no magic can be created where no sound exists.
</p>

<p>
Some powerful beings are able to effectively use all of these properties of resonance together, and sometimes make use of physiology uncommon to the people of Aidilon; thus allowing them to create and change frequencies in ways unknown to most practitioners of magic. A creature with this level of understanding of yfan&#039;si can often cast spells that would be incomprehensible to most mages, and would be written off by many as a god with unattainable power.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Yfan&#039;si (magic)&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;yfan-si-magic&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;36-2479&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="the-afterlife">The Afterlife</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Organic consciousnesses are slowly reabsorbed into Na&#039;issai upon death. If no other living thing brings them back, they can attempt to reason with the goddess and convince her that they would do more to foster life for her as their previous self than they would in their next life. If they are persuasive enough, she may restore them to their original form; if not she may consume them. But if the person is sufficiently powerful, she may also bring them back on the condition that they find a way to destroy Akamptos&#039; gate (before the finite time she gives them runs out).
</p>

<p>
TODO: Inorganic consciousnesses experience… ???
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;The Afterlife&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;the-afterlife&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2480-&quot;} -->