
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="an-artificer-s-notes-on-humans">An artificer&#039;s notes on Humans</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<em>“You&#039;d think it&#039;d be easier to fabricate my own reconstruction of the most common beings on the continent; but Humans have proven to be… unusual, as a species.”</em>
</p>

<p>
- Xilora Greymantle, Master Artificer of the Sixth Order
<br/>

<br/>

</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 5/9/3/9984 - As they are the most populous sapient race on the continent, I will be focusing on Humans as the basis of study for my Project</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 6/9/3/9984 - One possible complication (or avenue of future research?): Humans are unusual on Aidilon in that they are the only race able to produce viable mixed-blood offspring. All known half races are half human, half something else (orc, elf, devil, etc.)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 3/1/4/9984 - I was hoping that learning about their origins would prove useful, but I discovered that they have none… at least not on record. Humans are the only member of the five “ancient races” from pre-history (Humans, Elves, Dwarves, Gnomes, and Halflings) that can&#039;t trace their ancestry all the way back to a specific region of the continent. No one knows where they originally came from, but some of the relevant scholars think it may have been the <a href="/aidilon/doku.php?id=wastelands" class="wikilink1" title="wastelands" data-wiki-id="wastelands">wastelands</a> of Wrakarr, many millennia ago. Seems unlikely.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> 7/1/4/9984 - Humans are less… common than I had hoped; pivoting to other avenues of research</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
