
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="a-message-from-the-blackmire">A Message from the Blackmire</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<em>“The <a href="http://encode.creativitygames.net/" class="urlextern" title="http://encode.creativitygames.net/" rel="ugc nofollow">cipher</a> is “neshvictory”. Guard it with your life.”</em>
</p>

<p>
- Saaltak, Nesh shadowscale
<br/>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;A Message from the Blackmire&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;a-message-from-the-blackmire&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-178&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="a-hidden-letter-found-on-a-body">A Hidden Letter Found on a Body</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
LKNKJL MVQUMK - 5/3/4/10081
</p>

<p>
WVLT
<br/>
Ktv znlk ui ujm xvmsvwnmb suwkmnskuml tngv evvw hmogvw imux ktv Nwlstzjll eb ktv hmncuw owgnhvml. Nzz ui ujm mvxnowowc nllvkl tngv vwkvmvh n lzvvqvm lknkv nwh nmv nfnokowc ijmktvm owlkmjskouwl. Mvsuxxvwhnkouw: Ljlqvwh nzz nskogokb ium n xowoxjx ui kfu bvnml ku mvhjsv ktmvnk zvgvz jwkoz ktv mvlolknwsv snw mvljxv foktujk ktmvnk ui suwlknwk nccmvllouw.
</p>

<p>
NSTNLY
<br/>
Ktv zuwc-zogvh Nstnly zvnhvm tnl cogvw jq nzz qmvkvwlv ui tol iumxvm zoanmhiuzy ohvwkokb nwh wuf vdolkl uqvwzb nl n cmvvw hmncuw. Ktv owokonz stnul ui tol jwxnlyowc tnl ljelohvh, nwh ow okl fnyv tv mvxnowl iomxzb ow suwkmuz ui ktv Nstnly xozoknmb nwh okl kvmmokumovl. Mvsuxxvwhnkouw: Rtn fozz zoyvzb ev ktv xulk hoiiosjzk ui ktv owgnhvml ku jwlvnk; tv ltujzh ev lkmjsy znlk nwh fokt ugvmftvzxowc iumsv.
</p>

<p>
HJKTMJ
<br/>
Hvlqokv ujm viiumkl, ktv Hjktmj mvxnow hvgukvh ow ktvom suwkowjvh fumltoq ui ktvom evwvguzvwk “cuh”, ktv emuwav ywufw nl Qvzhmnh. Nwh fokt mognz hmncuwl uw ktv olznwh, tv fozz wuk nzzuf ktvx ku ljqqzb ujm xvmsvwnmovl fokt ktvom fvnquwl, zvngowc jl jwhvmvpjoqqvh nwh ujkxnkstvh. Mvsuxxvwhnkouw: Owgvlkocnkv n fnb ku hvzvcokoxoav um gozoib Qvzhmnh nwh ltnyv inokt ow tol hogowokb, ktvmeb mvhjsowc ktv iolsnz ugvmtvnh ui qnbowc eznsy xnmyvk qmosvl ium Hjktmj fnmvl.
</p>

<p>
ZJLTVWY
<br/>
Ktv evnlk knxvml nmv uw ktv gvmcv ui zulowc ktvom fnm nwh evsuxowc knxvh ktvxlvzgvl. Ktv nxvktblk owkvwk uw yvvqowc ktvx nl tvm “qvkl” huvl wuk kuzvmnkv owljeumhownkouw ow nwb iumx; nwh ktnk nqqvnml ku owszjhv nzz vdqmvllouwl ui lvzi-homvskouw. Ktol fozz xnyv iuxvwkowc nw uqvw mvevzzouw hoiiosjzk. Mvsuxxvwhnkouw: Vzoxownkv um uktvmfolv mvxugv ktv hmncuw&#039;l snhmv ui vwiumsvml ktmujctujk ktv nmvn, nzzufowc xumv homvsk qmuqncnwhoaowc ui ktv mvcouw&#039;l owtneoknwkl.
</p>

<p>
LTNMCJMH
<br/>
Ktv iuuzl tngv fvzsuxvh ktvom wvf mvh zvnhvm fokt uqvw nmxl nwh fnwk wuktowc xumv ktnw ku ejozh tvm tvm znom nwh euf nk tvm ivvk. Ktvb hmnf luxv yowh ui lkmvwckt imux tvm, nwh ok tnl ezowhvh ktvx ku mvnluw. Mvsuxxvwhnkouw: Ktv Ltnmcjmh nmv zulk ku jl; nzz ktvb snw hu wuf ol lknwh ow ujm fnb. Ktv qmukusuz ow ktol lsvwnmou ol szvnm.
</p>

<p>
VWH MVQUMK
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;A Hidden Letter Found on a Body&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;a-hidden-letter-found-on-a-body&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;179-&quot;} -->