
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="three-water-keep">Three Water Keep</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1fusTw60d55wLx7KfQl66zk6RWU_thYO0" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1fusTw60d55wLx7KfQl66zk6RWU_thYO0" rel="ugc nofollow">See full original document here</a>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Three Water Keep&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;three-water-keep&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-137&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="lost-history">Lost history</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The Three Water bridge fords the point where two tributaries meet the Tidewater river just south of Corwald; the ground is rocky, covered in scrub plants, and the rivers are quite narrow where they meet, running quickly through deep water. In an act of bravery defending the bridge, the Bevver family was granted titles to the property, and given the right to establish tolls to build and maintain a fortress. Their keep expanded from the initial guardhouse, encompassing a large area connected to the east of the bridge, and stood for about a century; but the family grew greedy. They began expanding their ownership of bridges further along the run, buying them, destroying them, and attempting to slowly amass power through control of the Tidewater&#039;s crossings.
</p>

<p>
Eighty years ago, Lord Danrig Bevver, the last lord of Three Water Keep, stopped the royal procession and prevented their crossing on a visit to a neighboring fiefdom. The king, outraged by his behavior, ordered him executed on the spot, and declared that the keep would be torn down, stone by stone. The lands and titles were stripped from Bevver family, and their pledged knights and servants were disbanded.
</p>

<p>
Fenris Bevver, Danridg&#039;s only son - just an adolescent at the time, found his father&#039;s head in a patch of baby&#039;s breath at the base of the bridge. Vowing revenge, he called out to dark forces, and forged a pact to usurp the throne. He spoke with a devil, who warned, “You will not live to see the throne seated with your bloodline, but so long as your knights are true to your cause, and steadfast as the flowers crowning your father&#039;s head, the seat will be yours, in time.”
</p>

<p>
The descendants of those first knights maintain their stations in the “family” when they come of age, taking all kinds of unassuming jobs and working toward the eventual, inevitable uprising. They work as bakers, money-counters, scribes, city watch, and any other supporting jobs and positions in society where they can exercise their influence. The knights are playing a long game, infiltrating the kingdom at every level; and while they generally work for the waste and ruin of the kingdom, it isn&#039;t an immediate goal. Perhaps they encourage excessive expense on a large party, and heavy taxes on the poor. Lower level members may build up allies and contacts among the common folk, while the higher level members contribute to the decadence and waste of the ruling class.
</p>

<p>
The devil&#039;s pact requires members of the family to maintain their secrecy in the organization, and to spread waste and dissent within and around the ruling family. Knights may be hereditary, or inducted - but all must swear an oath to work for the family&#039;s eventual return to power, at the site of the original bridge, at midnight. Provided that at least one knight lives, a new “Crown” of Fenris&#039; bloodline may be inducted on midnight of their 13th birthday in a ritual at the bridge. There may be more than one inducted family member, but the eldest is “The Crown.” Upon death (three failed death saves), the pact devil arrives and harvests the souls of all “Greater Knights” and “Crowns” and vanishes.
</p>

<p>
The nicknames for Three Water Keep&#039;s Men are parts of the area surrounding the Keep: “Cobblestone”, “Gate”, “Bridge”, “Tower”, etc., with “The Crown” leading them. The keep and title no longer formally exist, but the original knights vowed to return their holding to its former glory. Each knight carries a magical sprig of baby&#039;s breath on their person at all times; this small token not only serves as a bond between them, “The Crown”, and the pact, but also provides some magical protections that make it difficult to identify the wearer.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Lost history&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;lost-history&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;138-3844&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="discoverable-history">Discoverable History</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
<strong>History DC 10</strong>: Three Water Bridge fords the point where two tributaries meet the Tidewater river, it&#039;s attached to a ruin of an old fort.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Survival DC 10</strong>: Three Water Keep was built where two tributaries of the Tidewater river meet in the hills adjoining the kingdom. The ground is rocky, covered in scrub plants, and the rivers are quite narrow where they meet, running quickly through deep cuts.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Survival DC 15 + proficiency in Herbalism</strong>: Baby&#039;s breath is a common plant near the bridge, it represents abiding love and dedication.
</p>

<p>
<strong>History DC 15</strong>: In an act of bravery defending the bridge, now lost to time, the Bevver family was granted titles to the property, and given right to establish tolls to maintain a fortress. This keep expanded from the initial guardhouse, encompassing a large area connected to the east of the bridge. This fort stood for about a century, but the family grew greedy, and began expanding their ownership of bridges further along the run, buying them, destroying them, attempting to slowly amass power through control of the crossings.
</p>

<p>
<strong>History DC 20</strong>: Eighty years ago, Lord Danridg Bevver, the last lord of Three Water Keep, stopped the royal procession and prevented their crossing on a visit to a neighboring fiefdom. The king, outraged by his behavior, ordered him executed on the spot, and declared that the household would be torn down, stone by stone. The lands and titles were stripped from Three Water Keep, and the pledged knights and servants disbanded.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Should the players use higher level divination spells such as legend lore to discover more about Three Water Keep</strong>: 
“You see the image of a crouching young man, holding the head of his father, lovingly trying to wrap it in a cloth while crying freely. He stands, talking with someone behind him, the sound becomes warped - and the image is ripped from your mind. You cannot remember his face, but you smell sulfur.”
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Discoverable History&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;discoverable-history&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3845-5817&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="three-water-keep-s-men">Three Water Keep&#039;s Men</h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Three Water Keep&#039;s Men&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;three-water-keep-s-men&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;5818-5853&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="lesser-knights">Lesser Knights</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Pidgeons” - Gin/Ceri Va&#039;Nel [M/F WElf] (Young Beggars)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> For a small fee, these young adults will <strong>distract guards or others</strong> with minor thievery or disruptive behavior (fighting, heckling, etc)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Cobblestone” - Nhazim Blackrock [M Dwarf] (Innkeeper)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cobblestone holds a secret “Beggar&#039;s Feast” each night by casting create food and water with a special property of his token, to assist the poorest of the poor and to <strong>gather intelligence</strong> from those who might not be noticed through their daily routines</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Chimney” Engilbert Puddifoot [M Half] (Street Sweeper)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Chimney is an <strong>observer who can move quite freely</strong> through the town, and more public parts of the castle without being noticed</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Scullery” Atiel Runlithmae [F .5Elf] (Baker)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Scullery can offer food for sale (or for favors), as has <strong>access to the kitchens of most of the wealthy houses</strong> in the area during the day</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Horseshoe” Gardar Sursk [M .5Orc] (Blacksmith)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Horseshoe can handle most basic blacksmithing needs (simple weapons and armor, and metal work), as well as <strong>access to the armory and jails</strong> during daytime hours</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Bellows” Celwyn Voci [F Gn] (Street Performer)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Bellows can <strong>crowd a street with onlookers</strong> for 1gp, performing for up to an hour. For 5gp she can get several onlookers to <strong>start a distracting brawl</strong> on queue</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Flower” Ecil Tunnell [M Half] (Preacher)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Flower can offer <strong>cure wounds</strong> three times per day for 10gp (free for the destitute) using his token, or will <strong>sell a healing potion</strong> once per day for 75gp. He&#039;s frequently used to pass small items, money, and information</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Candle” Fendrel Lunadream [F .5Elf] (Scribe)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Candle has books, writing implements, and paper for sale. She is the <strong>go between for the greater knights</strong> and the lesser knights</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Hinge” Dimia Cleves [F Human] (Shopkeeper)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Hinge sells standard goods, and <strong>will purchase stolen items</strong> at 1/3 price with no questions asked, but can be haggled up to half price with an opposed Charisma check. She provides intelligence reports to the greater knights</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Purse” Urin Blackbender [M Dw] (Banker)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Purse handles wagers and high interest loans. He <strong>can loan up to 100gp on the spot, or up to 1000gp with a few day&#039;s notice</strong>. He charges 110% interest (100gp has a 210gp payback) after a month, but will usually cut a deal for illegal services (theft, assassination, etc) instead of payment</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Lesser Knights&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;lesser-knights&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;5854-8371&quot;} -->
<h4 class="sectionedit6" id="lesser-knight-of-three-water-keep-cr-1">Lesser Knight of Three Water Keep (CR 1)</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Medium Humanoid (any race), Any Alignment, Speed 30 ft., CR 1 (200 XP)<br/>

<strong>AC</strong>: 12<br/>

<strong>HP</strong>: 27<br/>

</p>
<div class="table sectionedit7"><table class="inline">
	<tr class="row0">
		<td class="col0"> STR 10 (+0) </td><td class="col1"> DEX 15 (+2) </td><td class="col2"> CON 10 (+0) </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> INT 12 (+1) </td><td class="col1"> WIS 14 (+2) </td><td class="col2"> CHA 16 (+3) </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:7,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;8520-8607&quot;} -->
<p>
<strong>Skills</strong>: Deception +5, Insight +4, Investigation +5, Perception +6, Persuasion +5, Sleight of Hand +4, Stealth +4<br/>

<strong>Languages</strong>: any two<br/>

<strong>Lesser Baby&#039;s Breath</strong>: A Lesser Knight carries a Baby&#039;s Breath Lesser Pact Token with 3 charges.<br/>

<strong>Cunning Action</strong>: On each of its turns, the knight can use a bonus action to take the Dash, Disengage, or Hide action.<br/>

<strong>Sneak Attack (1/Turn)</strong>: The knight deals an extra 7 (2d6) damage when it hits a target with a weapon attack and has advantage on the attack roll, or when the target is within 5 feet of an ally of the knight that isn&#039;t incapacitated and the knight doesn&#039;t have disadvantage on the attack roll.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Actions</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Multiattack: The knight makes two melee attacks<br/>
</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Shortsword: +4 to hit, 5 piercing damage<br/>
</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Hand Crossbow: +4 to hit, range 30/120 ft., 5 piercing damage</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Patron&#039;s Lesser Token - Baby&#039;s Breath</strong>
<em>Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement)</em>
This wondrous item is attuned as part of a pact. The token does not need to be worn openly, but must be worn to
function. The attunement can be revoked at any time by the warlock granting it, even on another plane of existence. The token has three charges per day, used as follows:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expend one charge to cast disguise self</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expend one charge as a bonus action to gain advantage on Stealth checks</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> With permission of the patron, holders may permanently exchange these abilities for a once per day casting of a specific spell up to 3rd level, or three times per day casting of a specific 1st level spell.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Lesser Knight of Three Water Keep (CR 1)&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;lesser-knight-of-three-water-keep-cr-1&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:6,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;8372-10157&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit8" id="greater-knights">Greater Knights</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Wall” Rhomorn Bharax [M Drbn] (Knight Commander)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Wall has been overseeing the kingdom&#039;s forces for years, and uses his position to be lenient to young offenders to gain their trust, as well as plan routes and schedules to hide Water Keep activities</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Gate” Hiser York [M Dw] (City Watch Guard)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Gate <strong>can provide advantage on bribery checks for most city officials or merchants</strong>, as well as <strong>misdirect the city watch</strong> (follow/apprehend the wrong suspect) for 50gp</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Book” Alotel Tathviel [F .5Elf] (Scribe)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Book <strong>can provide access to the kingdom&#039;s records in the Boroughgrove library</strong>. Book is the central point for gathering intelligence for the organization</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Coin” Inding Maerethar [F .5Elf] (Banker)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Coin <strong>can provide access to the storerooms and treasury</strong>. Coin <strong>can easily cover up non-heirloom thefts and losses up to 500gp/month</strong> with creative bookkeeping. Larger thefts, <strong>up to 5000 gp can be covered up</strong> once every other year coinciding with large events (feasts, games, wars, etc)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Banner” William McKinnon [M Human] (Archmason)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Banner knows most of the secret entrances, locks and defenses, in the castle, city walls, and some of the larger homes. He <strong>can arrange for instructions for breaking and entering</strong> to be left with a lesser knight for 250gp</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Trumpet” Orpip Voci [M Gn] (Court Entertainer)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Trumpet <strong>can alter court schedules to omit certain small items, or shift large events (like trials) a few days</strong> to buy time. Additionally, Trumpet <strong>can provide targets for heists</strong></div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Goblet” Ingoberg Harfoot [F Half] (Royal Chef)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> For 500 gp, Goblet <strong>can make any one noble ill</strong> with a mild poison that acts within 1d4 hours of ingestion - mimicking a severe flu. Goblet <strong>can also leave kitchen and cellar doors ajar in the castle</strong> for entrance for 150 gp</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Bridge” Hagraena Ashthane [F Dw] (Royal Advisor)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Bridge is a stern advisor to the king, one of several - but her judgement is usually trusted in manners of the city. For 1000 gp, she <strong>can change the king&#039;s disposition towards one group of creatures</strong> (such as the party) one step between friendly, indifferent, or hostile over the course of a day</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>“Tower” Francis Stonesworn [M Human] (Tailor)</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Tower is the guardian and protector of “The Crown”</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Greater Knights&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;greater-knights&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:8,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;10158-12541&quot;} -->
<h4 class="sectionedit9" id="greater-knight-of-three-water-keep-cr-8">Greater Knight of Three Water Keep (CR 8)</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Medium Humanoid (any race), Neutral Evil, Speed 30 ft.<br/>

<strong>AC</strong>: 15<br/>

<strong>HP</strong>: 78<br/>

</p>
<div class="table sectionedit10"><table class="inline">
	<tr class="row0">
		<td class="col0"> STR 11 (+0) </td><td class="col1"> DEX 16 (+3) </td><td class="col2"> CON 14 (+2) </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> INT 13 (+1) </td><td class="col1"> WIS 11 (+0) </td><td class="col2"> CHA 10 (+0) </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;table1&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:10,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;12675-12762&quot;} -->
<p>
<strong>Saving Throws</strong>: Dex +6, Int +4<br/>

<strong>Skills</strong>: Acrobatics +6, Deception +3, Perception +3, Stealth +9<br/>

<strong>Damage Resistances</strong>: poison<br/>

<strong>Languages</strong>: Thieves&#039; cant plus any two languages<br/>

<strong>Greater Baby&#039;s Breath</strong>: A Greater Knight carries a Baby&#039;s Breath Greater Pact Token with 3 charges.<br/>

<strong>Assassinate</strong>: During its first turn, the knight has advantage on attack rolls against any creature that hasn&#039;t taken a turn. Any hit the knight scores against a surprised creature is a critical hit.<br/>

<strong>Evasion</strong>: If the knight is subjected to an effect that allows it to make a Dexterity saving throw to take only half damage, the knight instead takes no damage if it succeeds on the saving throw, and only half damage if it fails.<br/>

<strong>Sneak Attack</strong>: Once per turn, the knight deals an extra 14 (4d6) damage when it hits a target with a weapon attack and has advantage on the attack roll, or when the target is within 5 feet of an ally of the knight that isn&#039;t incapacitated and the knight doesn&#039;t have disadvantage on the attack roll.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Actions</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Multiattack: The knight makes two shortsword attacks.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Poisoned Shortsword: +6 to hit, 6 piercing damage, and the target must make a DC 15 CON save, taking 24 poison damage on a failed save, or 12 on a successful one.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Poisoned Light Crossbow: +6 to hit, range 80/320 ft., 7 piercing damage, and the target must make a DC 15 CON save, taking 24 poison damage on a failed save, or 12 damage on a successful one.</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Patron&#039;s Greater Token - Baby&#039;s Breath</strong>
<em>Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement)</em>
Same as lesser token, but:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expend one charge to cast disguise self</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expend two charges to cast pass without trace</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expend three charges as a bonus action to cast a lesser form of modify memory: The target creature makes a DC 14 WIS save, or forgets the appearance and identity of the wearer. If this effect is used, a d6 is rolled. On a 1, the pact token is destroyed and crumbles to dust, but the effect stays</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Greater Knight of Three Water Keep (CR 8)&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;greater-knight-of-three-water-keep-cr-8&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:9,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;12542-14748&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit11" id="the-crown">The Crown</h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The fourth generation of “The Crown” is currently is a human girl name Sophila Stonesworn, age 14. She is the adopted daughter of “Tower”, a local tailor, who will defend her to the death while she escapes, if necessary. She is a commoner, but wears a Pact Token inside her scarf (10 charges/day), and only the Greater Knights know her identity as “The Crown”. She embodies the original pact between Fenris and the devil, with the ability to bestow greater and lesser pact tokens once per day to anyone willing and able to join the pact to further the family&#039;s goals. Decisions and plans are made by the Greater Knights, but “The Crown” has the right to veto or make decisions for the group. Although young, Sophila recognizes the significance of the pact she&#039;s entered, and listens intently to the discussions and deliberations of the Greater Knights when she is available. She has a soft spot for bards, and their songs of far away places and lives that are carefree and “normal”; but she understands her duty and will not leave it.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;The Crown&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;the-crown&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:11,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;14749-15805&quot;} -->
<h4 class="sectionedit12" id="the-crown-of-three-water-keep-cr-1-8">The Crown of Three Water Keep (CR 1/8)</h4>
<div class="level4">

<p>
Medium Humanoid (Human), Neutral Evil, Speed 30 ft<br/>

<strong>AC</strong>: 10<br/>

<strong>HP</strong>: 4
</p>
<div class="table sectionedit13"><table class="inline">
	<tr class="row0">
		<td class="col0"> STR 10 (+0) </td><td class="col1"> DEX 10 (+0) </td><td class="col2"> CON 10 (+0) </td>
	</tr>
	<tr class="row1">
		<td class="col0"> INT 10 (+0) </td><td class="col1"> WIS 10 (+0) </td><td class="col2"> CHA 10 (+0) </td>
	</tr>
</table></div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;table&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;table2&quot;,&quot;secid&quot;:13,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;15930-16017&quot;} -->
<p>
<strong>Languages</strong>: Common<br/>

<strong>Greater Baby&#039;s Breath</strong>: “The Crown” carries a Baby&#039;s Breath Greater Pact Token with 10 charges
</p>

<p>
<strong>Actions</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Dagger: +2 to hit, 2 piercing damage</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<strong>Patron&#039;s Greater Token - Baby&#039;s Breath</strong>
<em>Wondrous item, rare (requires attunement)</em>
Same as lesser token, but:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expend one charge to cast disguise self</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expend two charges to cast pass without trace</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Expend three charges as a bonus action to cast a lesser form of modify memory: The target creature makes a DC 14 WIS save, or forgets the appearance and identity of the wearer. If this effect is used, a d6 is rolled. On a 1, the pact token is destroyed and crumbles to dust, but the effect stays. “The Crown” may use this effect without danger of destroying their token.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;The Crown of Three Water Keep (CR 1\/8)&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;the-crown-of-three-water-keep-cr-1-8&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:12,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;15806-16782&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit14" id="adventure-hooks">Adventure Hooks</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> One of the lesser knights approaches the party in jail, and offers them a lucrative heist at a fancy dress ball…</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> “The Crown” has been murdered, and the Greater Knights believe the party is responsible…</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The devil has multiple similar pacts within the kingdom with different groups, all working at cross purposes…</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Adventure Hooks&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;adventure-hooks&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:14,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;16783-&quot;} -->