
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="dracarcer">Dracarcer</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
Dracarcer is a fantasy roleplaying setting originally build for D&amp;D, and assumes and is accommodating of most of the basic D&amp;D campaign settings and rules for races, alignments, monsters, spells, etc. However, it is set in the regions described below, and has a small set of related changes to elements of the lore and mechanics.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Dracarcer&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;dracarcer&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-356&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit2" id="continents-countries">Continents / Countries</h3>
<div class="level3">

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Continents \/ Countries&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;continents-countries&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;357-390&quot;} -->
<h4 class="sectionedit3" id="aidilon">Aidilon</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:anschluss" class="wikilink1" title="regions:anschluss">Anschluss</a>: The swamp tribes of the Anschluss welcome few into their turf</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:evedale" class="wikilink1" title="regions:evedale">Evedale</a>: The darkness of Aidilon calls Evedale home, and horrors await within every shadow</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:hartland" class="wikilink1" title="regions:hartland">Hartland</a>: The piney forests beyond Hartland&#039;s city walls hide myriad dangers for the unwary adventurer</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:istovia" class="wikilink1" title="regions:istovia">Istovia</a>: The terrain of Istovia is cold, harsh, and rough; just like its people</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:neeru" class="wikilink1" title="regions:neeru">Neeru</a>: Sunken wonders and rising seas dot the landscape at the bottom of the ocean</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:qurea" class="wikilink1" title="regions:qurea">Qurea</a>: The sunny and magical realm of Qurea promises bounty and happiness to all who play its deadly Game</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:wrakarr" class="wikilink1" title="regions:wrakarr">Wrakarr</a>: Beware the Gates of Wrakarr: you will never return</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Aidilon&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;aidilon&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;391-1115&quot;} -->
<h4 class="sectionedit4" id="ordan">Ordan</h4>
<div class="level4">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:kharsh" class="wikilink1" title="regions:kharsh">Kharsh</a>: The sun-laiden plains of Kharsh will test your mettle and decide your worth</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <a href="/dracarcer/doku.php?id=regions:ku-nogar" class="wikilink1" title="regions:ku-nogar">Ku&#039;nogar</a>: A mysterious land to the far east, its secrets shrouded in mist</div>
</li>
</ul>

<p>
<iframe title="" src="http://www.bobzimmerman.info/dracarcer-map/" style="width:1000px; height:700px"></iframe>
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Ordan&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;ordan&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1116-1382&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit5" id="mechanical-changes">Mechanical changes</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> (Optional) A <strong>Bard&#039;s choice of instrument type</strong> can tell you a lot about their personality:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Percussion: Bards who play percussive instruments are often boisterous and love to be heard. A bard wielding one of these can cast Thunderwave once per long rest.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> String: Bards wielding string instruments are very in tune with others around them, and can intuitively harmonize with the vibrations of their environment. They can cast Longstrider once per long rest.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Wind: The whimsical and erratic Bards who play wind instruments can often be hard to predict or contain; and have the ability to cast Feather Fall once per long rest.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> (Optional) <strong> Druids </strong> belong to many types of Circles, but each druid of the land usually holds one type of tree sacred above all others: Oak, Ash, or Hawthorn. The druid receives a +1 to their spellcasting modifier when they are within 30ft of their type of sacred tree, and receives a 1st level spell they can use once per long rest. Some high level Druid spells also require the presence of a Druid from each of the three branches to cast properly.</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Oak: Druids who revere Oak are often strong and hardy, enduring nature&#039;s harsher side with ease. Oaken Druids can cast Absorb Elements once per long rest.</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Ash: Druids of Ash tend to be wise and compassionate, vigilantly caring for all of life&#039;s creatures. They can cast Cure Wounds once per long rest. </div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Hawthorn: Stories say that the Fey have close ties to the hawthorn tree; and Druids of the Thorn tend to display similar mercurial tendencies. They can cast Faerie Fire once per long rest.</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> (Optional) A <strong>Fighter&#039;s source of training</strong> can have a palpable effect on their fighting style, and can confer one of the following effects:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Military: Advantage on diplomacy checks with the faction that trained you, but disadvantage with any currently warring factions</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cultural: You are awarded inspiration when fighting against someone of the same training background, up to once per day (this training could be racial, societal, familial, etc.)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Private lessons: +1 to attack bonus when in 1v1 combat, but -1 to attack bonus when using multiple attacks on different targets in the same round</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Self-taught: +1 to insight checks made about fighting or weapons, but -1 to history checks made about fighting or weapons</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> <strong>Magic</strong> comes from one of three sources in Dracarcer:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Arcane: Direct manipulation of the Weave (ex: Bards, Warlocks, Wizards)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Derived: Internal power derived from or granted by some other source (ex: Sorcerers, Warlocks)</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Divine: Asking a more powerful entity to cast magic for you (ex: Clerics, Druids, Paladins)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Some beings in Dracarcer (notably in Istovia) have mechanical body parts, often made with with the magic-resistant element <strong>Valthril</strong>, which allows for the creation of advanced circuitry. Certain constructs and machines are made with this element as well; and it confers three levels of magic-resistance (which stack), depending on the amount of Valthril present (for biological creatures, this is often tracked by the number of major body parts replaced):</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> +25% / 1+ body parts</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Cannot be effected by a single spell for more than one round at a time</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Cannot maintain spell concentration</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Gearboxes (mechanical repair/augment devices analogous to potions) have no effect</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> +50% / 2+ body parts</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Advantage on saves to resist magic</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Disadvantage when casting spells, excluding rituals and spell scrolls</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> All damage or healing from spells you cast is minimized (always take lowest values on dice)</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Potion effects are halved</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Gearbox effects are halved</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> +75% / 3+ body parts, or majority of body</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Resistance to magic damage/healing</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Cannot cast spells</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Potions have no effect</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Gearboxes have full effect</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Abyssal, Celestial, and Infernal</strong> are all the same language in Dracarcer, just different &#039;dialects&#039;, so to speak; if you are know more than one, you may trade out for something else</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Mechanical changes&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;mechanical-changes&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1383-5510&quot;} -->
<h3 class="sectionedit6" id="general-setting-lore">General setting lore</h3>
<div class="level3">
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Dracarcer&#039;s <strong>calendar year</strong> is broken up into four seasons of 100 days each, and each has a holiday on its first day (which may vary by country, and often lasts a tenday). They are:</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> The Greening (spring)</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> The Dawning Festival: a celebration of emergence from winter and the beginning of the planting season</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> Elysias (summer)</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Shieldmeet: a competition of skill between the allied nations of Evedale, Hartland, and Qurea</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> The Pilgrimage: Istovians are encouraged to travel to Valspart (or the closest large church of Hroknar)</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Urag: a contest of champions in Kharsh, involving a series of single elimination fights to the death</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> The Gather (fall)</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> The Feast of the Gather: a celebration of the year&#039;s harvest</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level2 node"><div class="li"> Calignos (winter)</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Hearthrest: a time of resting and preparation for the cold nights ahead</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In Dracarcer, the origins of <strong>dragonborn</strong> and draconic sorcerers are opposite sides of the same circumstance: when a male dragon in humanoid form mates with a female humanoid, the subsequent line will be draconic sorcerers; when a female dragon in humanoid form mates with a male humanoid, the subsequent line will be dragonborn. In either case, the body comes from the mother, and the spirit/magic comes from the father. The half-dragons that exist in some versions of D&amp;D would fall under the speciation of dragonborn, though they may be an unusual variant (perhaps they are a more immediately related descendant of their original draconic ancestor).</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The historical origins of the various <strong>sub-races of Elf</strong> are different in Dracarcer than in traditional D&amp;D lore; but their overall mechanics and culture are left largely unchanged.</div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Druidic</strong> uses the mechanics described in <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zyB_kX726-k5kYZrikaYZlJtvCLOFkHlYYJIN0o8Q2I/edit?usp=sharing" class="urlextern" title="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zyB_kX726-k5kYZrikaYZlJtvCLOFkHlYYJIN0o8Q2I/edit?usp=sharing" rel="nofollow">this document</a></div>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>Thieves&#039; Cant</strong> uses the dialogue described in <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1y7tESSZaf39gW6uUjBDAXFb7zOOsUJb-/view?usp=sharing" class="urlextern" title="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1y7tESSZaf39gW6uUjBDAXFb7zOOsUJb-/view?usp=sharing" rel="nofollow">this document</a></div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;General setting lore&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;general-setting-lore&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:6,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;5511-&quot;} -->