
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="wasteland-recruiters-urgently-hiring-all-experience-levels">WASTELAND RECRUITERS - URGENTLY HIRING ALL EXPERIENCE LEVELS</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<em>“CHALLENGE! RICHES! TRAVEL! ADVENTURE! AMAZING SIGHTS! MAKE YOUR NAME OR STRIKE YOUR FORTUNE IN THE NEW FRONTIER OF THE SOUTH CONTINENT! POSITIONS AVAILABLE FOR ANY HUMANOID WITH A PULSE!”</em>
</p>

<p>
- WASTELAND RECRUITERS DEPARTMENT OF LABOR ACQUISITION
<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

</p>

<p>
SEE A WASTELAND RECRUITERS REPRESENTATIVE TO LEARN ABOUT ANY OF THE EXCITING OPPORTUNITIES BELOW:
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;WASTELAND RECRUITERS - URGENTLY HIRING ALL EXPERIENCE LEVELS&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;wasteland-recruiters-urgently-hiring-all-experience-levels&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-437&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="all-applicants">ALL APPLICANTS</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>EXPLORATORY PROBE</strong>: SOMETIMES WE DON&#039;T KNOW WHAT NEW ARTIFACTS DO. SOMETHING NEW EVERY DAY!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>GATE DISASSEMBLY</strong>: HARVESTING RELICS FROM THE PAST TO BUILD THE WORLD OF THE FUTURE. MOST OF IT&#039;S HARMLESS!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>MINER</strong>: EXTRACTING ORE FROM NEWLY DISCOVERED DEPOSITS. GREAT WORKOUT!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>PORTER</strong>: BRING VALUABLES AND GOODS BACK TO THE CONTINENT. SEE THE WORLD!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>SAND TRAWLER</strong>: UNEARTH FORGOTTEN TREASURES. PLAY ARCHAEOLOGIST IN THE WORLD&#039;S BIGGEST SANDBOX!</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;ALL APPLICANTS&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;all-applicants&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;438-940&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="entry-level">ENTRY LEVEL</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>CARTOGRAPHER</strong>: BE THE FIRST TO EXPLORE THE WILD UNKNOWN. POOP ANYWHERE YOU LIKE!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>GAME HUNTER</strong>: BRING DOWN EDIBLE CREATURES IN A LAND OF SCARE RESOURCES. YOU HUNT IT, WE&#039;LL EAT IT!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>LIBRARY EXCAVATION</strong>: FIND WHAT&#039;S LEFT OF AN ANCIENT WONDER. BOOKS SHOULD BE HARMLESS, RIGHT?</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;ENTRY LEVEL&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;entry-level&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;941-1261&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="experienced-applicants">EXPERIENCED APPLICANTS</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>CARAVAN GUARD</strong>: EARN FLAT PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL REMAINING SHIPMENT VALUE, PAID UPON ARRIVAL. SOMETIMES DON&#039;T EVEN HAVE TO DO ANYTHING!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>TOPAZ DRAGON HUNTER</strong>: IMPRESS FRIENDS WITH THE STORY OF SLAYING AN APEX PREDATOR. KEEP THE HEAD!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>TROPHY HUNTER</strong>: HUNT NEW, RARE CREATURES FOR THOSE WHO WANT TO DISPLAY THEM. INNOVATE NOVEL STRATEGIES TO SURVIVE ENCOUNTERS!</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;EXPERIENCED APPLICANTS&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;experienced-applicants&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1262-1676&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="premium-hires">PREMIUM HIRES</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>BLUE DRAGON HUNTER</strong>: PREVENT CARAVAN ROBBERIES BEFORE THEY HAPPEN. WALK AWAY WITH A MOUNTAIN OF TREASURE NO ONE ELSE HAS BEEN ABLE TO TAKE!</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <strong>PLANAR RECOVERY</strong>: SOMETIMES PARTS OF THE GATES STILL WORK LIKE THEY USED TO. GIVE LOST WORKERS A SECOND CHANCE AT LIFE!</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;PREMIUM HIRES&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;premium-hires&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1677-&quot;} -->