
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="orcs-and-then-some">Orcs, And Then Some</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<em>“Do not let their simple-mindedness and bigotry breed the same in you. They think us savages: fine. We will either show them their error and take from them their reparations, or remain at an advantage when they continue to underestimate us.”</em>
</p>

<p>
- Mog Azorall, Sage of the Omag tribe
<br/>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Orcs, And Then Some&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;orcs-and-then-some&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-330&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="orcs-in-this-setting">Orcs in this setting</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
In an attempt to do away with the focus on <a href="https://jamesmendezhodes.com/blog/2019/1/13/orcs-britons-and-the-martial-race-myth-part-i-a-species-built-for-racial-terror" class="urlextern" title="https://jamesmendezhodes.com/blog/2019/1/13/orcs-britons-and-the-martial-race-myth-part-i-a-species-built-for-racial-terror" rel="ugc nofollow">negative stereotypes of Asian cultures that many depictions of Orcs are based upon</a>, in this setting I have modeled Orcs after a (hopefully) more holistic homage to traditional Mongolian culture, which I believe can still fit well with some of the expected roles of Orcs in fantasy, while doing away with the harmful dehumanizing aspects. However, I also believe in trying to create a grounded setting where not every NPC run by the DM is an omniscient voice of god; and as such, some NPCs may espouse more conventional, inaccurate understandings of Orcs as “unintelligent, brutish savages”. But upon closer inspection of Orcish culture, they would learn of the following differences:
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Orcish culture places a strong emphasis on passing down practical knowledge through allegory and storytelling, and as such, it has little use for formal written language. This lack of physical books and scrolls has been interpreted by some anthropologists from other cultures as a sign of lesser intelligence; but these scholars have clearly not had to perfectly memorize and recite an hours-long epic poem they have never seen written down.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Orcs are a tribal, nomadic species. They usually engage peacefully with other Orcish tribes they come across; so peacefully, in fact, that they have had to make a habit of engaging in non-lethal combat and mock war games with the other tribes in order to keep them sharp in preparation for a real threat. These events have become a point of great pride for the Orcs, who take winning them very seriously. The outside observer might be forgiven for mistaking their deep enthusiasm for this common practice as never-ending civil wars fueled by simple bloodlust. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Given their nomadic nature, Orcs also have few permanent cities. Again, non-native anthropologists may see this as a lack of technological progress, but the Orcs have found ways to produce just as much economic output and wealth as the other species, only they don&#039;t have to permanently change the landscape to do it.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In much the same way that traditional Mongolian culture centers around horses for work, food, materials, and companionship; Orcs raise lions. It is not uncommon to see even young Orcish children raising a lion cub that will be with them for most of their life. And there are certainly few things more intimidating than staring down a formation of well-trained Orcs riding full-grown lions into combat.</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Orcs are also very musical in nature. Song lends itself well to their oral teachings, and Orcish bards are actually more common than most people think. Particularly traditional Orcs often play the morin khuur: a tall stringed instrument most closely related to a large fiddle.</div>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Orcs in this setting&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;orcs-in-this-setting&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;331-&quot;} -->