
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="paxwell-s-primer-on-polytheism">Paxwell&#039;s Primer on Polytheism</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<em>“Being a cleric is a lot like having a steady kingdom job: you follow the rules, you say the right words, you put in your time; and if the king likes you (and knows who you are), he might just grant you that favor you need when you ask for it. But never get so high and mighty that you forget that the king has a lot going on besides you and your troubles. And if you step too far out of line, you can get a lot worse than fired…”</em>
</p>

<p>
- Chaplain Barnum Hollyfuss, Cleric of Dathos
<br/>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Paxwell&#039;s Primer on Polytheism&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;paxwell-s-primer-on-polytheism&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-538&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="out-with-the-old-or-out-with-the-new">Out with the old, or out with the new?</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
During the Great Cataclysm, rumors spread that the gods that people had worshiped for centuries may in fact be imposters, and that <em>they</em> were the cause of the massive destruction that was reshaping the continent. In response, some people gathered together in worship of a new god, Kaa&#039;nali, who they claimed would put an end to the chaos. When the dust settled, no one could be sure who was responsible for everything that happened: had the old gods been thwarted by a new challenger, or had they put an end to the plans of an upstart opportunist?
</p>

<p>
The modern day worshiper&#039;s views of the gods can be complicated: some worship Kaa&#039;nali as their savior from a pantheon of monsters, some worship him alongside the old gods as a new member of the family, and some consider any mention of his name in prayer to be blasphemy. And then of course there are those who, for whatever reason, don&#039;t see fit to acknowledge any god at all. These religious tensions have yet to truly come to a head in most places, but are often simmering just below the surface…
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Out with the old, or out with the new?&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;out-with-the-old-or-out-with-the-new&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;539-1645&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="index-of-commonly-worshiped-gods">Index of commonly worshiped gods</h2>
<div class="level2">
<ul>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Kaa&#039;nali: God of Change</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Caliph</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Seen by his followers as the god of all things, and <strong>can be associated with any domain</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Commonly worshiped by Dragonborn</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Mantra: “All that you touch You Change. All that you Change Changes you. The only lasting truth is Change. God is Change.” (quote by Octavia Butler)</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Na&#039;issa: Goddess of <strong>Nature</strong> and <strong>Life</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Pastor</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Sister to Kantos</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Commonly worshiped by Halflings</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Patron saint of Druids, Rangers, and other folk of the wilds</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Kantos: God of <strong>Death</strong> and the <strong>Grave</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Faustus</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Brother to Na&#039;issa</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Commonly worshiped by Humans</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Faus: God of <strong>Light</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Curate</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Commonly worshiped by Gnomes</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Dathos: God of <strong>Order</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Chaplain</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Kairys: Goddess of <strong>Arcana</strong> and <strong>Knowledge</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Confessor</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Commonly worshiped by Elves</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Patron saint of Wizards and other scholars</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Edda: Goddess of the <strong>Forge</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Elder</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Commonly worshiped by Dwarves</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Erony: Goddess of <strong>Twilight</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Minister</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Kota: God of <strong>Trickery</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Vicar</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Patron saint of Rogues and thieves</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Khorzh: God of <strong>War</strong> and the <strong>Tempest</strong></div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Mog</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Commonly worshiped by Orcs</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Patron saint of Barbarians, Fighters, and other warriors</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1 node"><div class="li"> Hroknar: God of Blood, Ice, and Stone</div>
<ul>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Cleric title: Cardinal</div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Seen by his followers as the god of all things, and <strong>can be associated with any domain</strong></div>
</li>
<li class="level2"><div class="li"> Worshiped mostly by those in the <a href="/aidilon/doku.php?id=permafrost" class="wikilink1" title="permafrost" data-wiki-id="permafrost">permafrost</a> still loyal to the fallen empire of Istovia, which was taken over by the Church of Hroknar</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Index of commonly worshiped gods&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;index-of-commonly-worshiped-gods&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1646-&quot;} -->