
<h1 class="sectionedit1" id="elven-genealogies">Elven Genealogies</h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>
<em>“Do not be too quick to count an early victory against an Elf. Their lives are long; but their memories are longer.”</em>
</p>

<p>
- Marquess Alyiara Daevon&#039;lyr
<br/>

<br/>

</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Elven Genealogies&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;elven-genealogies&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:1,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;1-194&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit2" id="phylogenetic-diversification">Phylogenetic diversification</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
Despite their nearly millenia-long lifespans and, subsequently, comparatively infrequent generational turnover (or perhaps because of it), over the course of recorded history the Elven race has proven itself to be among the most phenotypically malleable of the humanoid races. Where other races may develop appreciable diversification over the course of dozens or hundreds of generations, Elves more commonly only require a few. Local environmental factors seem capable of playing a considerable role in shaping developing Elven phylogeny, and as a result, a variety of vastly distinct sub-races have emerged; all commonly labeled as “Elves” to the less genealogically astute. This tome endeavors to enumerate these subspecies.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Phylogenetic diversification&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;phylogenetic-diversification&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:2,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;195-966&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit3" id="dark-elves">Dark elves</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The Dark Elves, or Drow, have been found in the subterranean depths of the Underdark for time immemorial. Certain eccentric anthropologists have suggested that perhaps the Drow and other subraces of Elves evolved convergently, since no shared common ancestor is known; though other commonalities among all of the Elven subraces render that prospect unlikely. Drow society is unique, however, in that it is supremely matriarchal. 
</p>

<p>
Women, and especially priestesses, are statistically overrepresented in positions of power throughout all social strata of Dark Elf society. One possible explanation for this is their historical lack of exposure to the sun, which in many other cultures led to the worship of the prototypical and often male-presenting sun or sky god; a figure conspicuously absent from the Drow pantheon. Interaction between surface dwellers and Drow society has historically been limited, and the (commonly male-dominated) adventuring parties that have returned from the Underdark with stories of their time amongst the Drow have painted a less-than-friendly picture of their overall societal disposition; a perception that has spread through much of the above-ground humanoid world.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Dark elves&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;dark-elves&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:3,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;967-2191&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit4" id="fey-elves">Fey elves</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The Feywild exerts a strong, often palpable influence over all of its inhabitants; and the Elves that have made their homes there are no exception. Now distinct enough from the rest of elvenkind to take on the mantle of Eladrin, the Elves who dwell amongst the Fey have, unsurprisingly, taken many of the realm&#039;s more dominant features into themselves. The magic of the Wilds now flows through their veins in limited measure, and their dispositions would be familiar to those who have spent time amongst the Fey. They can be a mercurial and unpredictable lot, whose moods can change as suddenly and as violently as the weather they embody. Each Eladrin is aligned, however temporarily, with one of the four Great Realms of the Feywild, represented on the Prime Material plane as the seasons. An Eladrin&#039;s appearance and magic shifts to match their season; which is dictated for some by their current mood. For others, the inverse is true, and rather than their mood determining their season, their season determines their mood.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Fey elves&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;fey-elves&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:4,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;2192-3244&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit5" id="high-elves">High elves</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
High Elves often consider themselves the most powerful and high-minded of all the Elven subraces; a claim that does not go undisputed by several of the others. They do, however, seem to be the most innately magically inclined; even moreso than the Feywild-infused Eladrin. High Elves make excellent wizards, should that be their disposition (and it often is), and their natural intellect and calm demeanor can come off to other races as a detached disinterestedness. However, they feel emotion just as strongly as other races do; they simply have the good sense to keep such things to themselves unless given a good reason not to.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;High elves&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;high-elves&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:5,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3245-3901&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit6" id="light-elves">Light elves</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The Luminow are seen by many non-elves as blessed and pure, not unlike the relationship the Aasimar have to humans. There may or may not be truth to that; but there is none to be seen with any basis in observable evidence. The Luminow&#039;s light and airy appearance and demeanor is simply one the other races often find pleasing; though it has certainly made them a target in the past as well. Less benevolent groups have historically sought them out as desirable targets for ritual sacrifice and the like, causing their number to dwindle over time.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Light elves&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;light-elves&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:6,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;3902-4475&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit7" id="sea-elves">Sea elves</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The least well understood of all the Elven subraces, the reclusive Sea Elves long ago made the arduous transition to a fully aquatic environment for reasons unknown. Their destiny seems inextricably tied to a fish-like aquatic race, the sahuagin, whose children are sometimes born in the exact likeness of a Sea Elf, rather than that of their own race. This peculiarity, combined with the sahuagin&#039;s savage and bloodthirsty disposition, keeps the Sea Elves endlessly paranoid of their own race above all else.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Sea elves&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;sea-elves&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:7,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;4476-5010&quot;} -->
<h2 class="sectionedit8" id="wood-elves">Wood elves</h2>
<div class="level2">

<p>
The second most common Elvish subrace, after only High Elves, Wood Elves tend to prefer the wilds and the forests over cities and towns. Though an unquenchable sense of adventure often leads them to explore new places; whether they be walled or not.
</p>

</div>
<!-- EDIT{&quot;target&quot;:&quot;section&quot;,&quot;name&quot;:&quot;Wood elves&quot;,&quot;hid&quot;:&quot;wood-elves&quot;,&quot;codeblockOffset&quot;:0,&quot;secid&quot;:8,&quot;range&quot;:&quot;5011-&quot;} -->